3. Verification of Business Agility Improvements by Applying a Serverless Architecture

 In this chapter, we built a website for purchasing goods using a serverless architecture, and compare it with the construction work in an on-premises environment, and describe the result of verifying whether the development period will be reduced.
 
 The scope of verification is the part of system development that is developed by the IT department using a serverless architecture based on the business strategy determined by the management.  
 
 The reduction of the development period is verified from the following two points of view.  
　・Amount of documentation  
　・System construction work time  

3.1 Temporary and Premises  
　Hypotheses and assumptions in the verification process are described.
 
3.1.1 Temporary
　In the development using the serverless architecture, it is hypothesized that the development period will be reduced by decreasing the amount of documents  in each stage of the system development process and reducing the construction work time.  

3.1.2 Premises  
　Premises for the verification process are described.  
(1)Cloud service providers  
In this verification, we built a website for purchasing goods using a serverless service provided by Amazon Web Services (AWS), a leading cloud service provider.[3]  

(2)Reasons for choosing the model system  
This is because the Japanese government is promoting cashless payments, and we believe that the number of e-commerce site launches will increase.  

"The Current Status and Significance of Cashless Payment by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry" [4], the advantages of promoting cashless payment are "increased efficiency and sales at stores" and "data utilization".When a company with a physical store launches an e-commerce site, it can expect to increase sales by diversifying its sales channels.  [ Also or In addition ], by analyzing and utilizing the data of purchase information on the site, it is possible to link to marketing and product development.We believe that the number of e-commerce sites will increase because cashless payment is the main means of payment and the benefits of promoting cashless payment can be enjoyed.  

(3)Building a goods purchasing site  
The requirements for the website for purchasing goods are summarized in the requirements specification (Annex A-1), and a system that satisfies the requirements is constructed.The serverless architecture to be applied is based on the architecture design published in AWS samples, which is quality assured by AWS. We reused Serverless Airline Booking (an example of an airline ticket purchasing system) [5], which has similar to the verification requirements, as the reference architecture and designed a system configuration that meets the requirements of this system.(Figure 2)  

Figure 2 System Configuration diagram of the goods purchasing website  

3.2 Verification Method  
The measurement of system construction work time and Amount of documentation was performed by the following procedures.  

3.2.1 System construction work time  
